In the end all things will be known.
Now is the time to try something new.
Now is the time to go ahead and pursue that love interest!
Welcome change.
You only treasure what you lost.
Your work interests can capture the highest status or prestige.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Sloth makes all things difficult; industry all easy.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
No one can walk backwards into the future.
I learn by going where I have to go.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
He who knows he has enough is rich.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
Others can help you now.
You will be successful in your work.
Carve your name on your heart and not on marble.
He who expects no gratitude shall never be disappointed.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
Education is the ability to meet life's situations.
Technology is the art of arranging the world so we do not notice it.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Romance moves you in a new direction.Share your joys and sorrows with your family.
Your difficulties will strengthen you.
Listen to everyone. Ideas come from everywhere.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Your hard work will payoff today.
It is worth reviewing some old lessons.
You can see a lot just by looking.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
There is no mistake so great as that of being always right.
Have a beautiful day.
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have yearning for perfection.
Sift through your past to get a better idea of the present.
Remember the birthday but never the age.
The small courtesies sweeten life, the greater ennoble it.
The person who will not stand for something will fall for anything.
Perhaps you've been focusing too much on saving.
All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
Your quick wits will get you out of a tough situation.
Courtesy is contagious.
Any decision you have to make tomorrow is a good decision.
Place special emphasis on old friendship.
Courtesy begins in the home.
Bide your time, for success is near.
Do not make extra work for yourself.
Allow compassion to guide your decisions.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
If you're feeling down, try throwing yourself into your work.
One of the first things you should look for in a problem is its positive side.
It takes courage to admit fault.
Your loyalty is a virtue, but not when it's wedded with blind stubbornness.
You will be pleasantly surprised tonight.
Everyday in your life is a special occasion.
Don't let your limitations overshadow your talents.
Do not let ambitions overshadow small success.
Do you know that the busiest person has the largest amount of time?
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows.
The one that recognizes the illusion does not act as if it is real.
Don't confuse recklessness with confidence.
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Determination is what you need now.
A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
You are a person of another time.
Emulate what you admire in your parents.
Happiness will bring you good luck.
Rest has a peaceful effect on your physical and emotional health.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Listen not to vain words of empty tongue.
Love lights up the world.
A dubious friend may be an enemy in camouflage.
The smart thing to do is to begin trusting your intuitions.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Practice makes perfect.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
You are interested in higher education, whether material or spiritual.
Resting well is as important as working hard.
Feeding a cow with roses does not get extra appreciation.
Fortune Not Found: Abort, Retry, Ignore?
For hate is never conquered by hate. Hate is conquered by love.
Your ideals are well within your reach.
Take the high road.
Living with a commitment to excellence shall take you far.
A gambler not only will lose what he has, but also will lose what he doesn't have.
Protective measures will prevent costly disasters.
Adventure can be real happiness.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
The only people who never fail are those who never try.
Imagination rules the world.
Soon life will become more interesting.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Good news will be brought to you by mail.
Be careful or you could fall for some tricks today.
You will travel far and wide, both pleasure and business.
New ideas could be profitable.
How you look depends on where you go.
All your hard work will soon pay off.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Miles are covered one step at a time.
You will always get what you want through your charm and personality.
Help! I'm being held prisoner in a Chinese bakery!
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
Someone you care about seeks reconciliation.
